Update Get-CsOnlineUser.md (#10364)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Get-CsOnlineUser.md

### -Identity
Indicates the Identity of the user account to be retrieved.

> For TeamsOnly customers using the Teams PowerShell Module version 3.0.0 or later, you use the following values to identify the account (note that These changes are only rolled out in commercial environments at present and will be applicable to government environments starting March 31, 2023.):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For TeamsOnly customers using the Teams PowerShell Module version 3.0.0 or later, you use the following values to identify the account (note that these changes are only rolled out in commercial environments at present and will be applicable to government environments starting March 31, 2023.):
```

## NOTES

> These changes are currently only rolled out in commercial environments at present and will be applicable to government environments starting 31st of March 2023.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These changes are only rolled out in commercial environments at present and will be applicable to government environments starting March 31, 2023.
```
